{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11360\viewh9980\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To get this sample running, please follow a few steps. First make sure you have some newer Xcode version installed, so you get codesign utility.\
\
You can read plugin documentation about our iCloud classes here: http://www.monkeybreadsoftware.net/topic-icloud.shtml\
You also find on Apple Website the documentation on their classes.\
\
Please login on Mac developer center (https://developer.apple.com/devcenter/mac/) and go to the Developer Certificate Utility.\
\
Please crate an app ID. We named it Test and used bundle ID "de.monkeybreadsoftware.testing", but you probably want to change that. You need to check the checkbox for "Enable for iCloud".\
\
Now create a provisioning profile for this application on your machine for development and download it. After downloading the profile, double click it so it gets installed. As far as I see, you also need to add the profiles in Xcode's organizer window to the library with provision profiles, because the codesign utility checks there for the profile.\
\
Please change the application identifier (bundle id) to yours. Next build the application. Launch Terminal and cd into the folder and call ./SignScript to sign it. Of course you need to modify this script to have your developer name. Also you may want to check our entitlements file and modify it with using different IDs.\
\
Also change ContainerID constant in the project.\
\
If you run the app now, it should show Hello World on the second launch and start counting the launches.\
\
As you see in example you can put files in iCloud.\
\
\
\
An alternative approach is to use Xcode to create a Mac app there and setup signing there to get the entitlement file, the provision profile and rebuild that matching in Xojo.\
}