{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12000\viewh13860\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 CPU Focus Mac OS X 1.0
\f1\b0 \
\
Kind: Utility\
Price: Freeware\
Author: Christian Schmitz, cpufocus@macsw.de\
Requires: Mac OS X 10.1\
\

\f0\b German:
\f1\b0 \
Hier bei mir laufen ab und zu Programme, die dank vieler Threads die CPU so belasten, da\'a7 teilweise Programme wie Textedit nicht genug CPU Zeit bekommen um einen Text zu tippen. Vor allem Classic wird teilweise unbenutzbar.\
\
Dieses Programm verteil die CPU Zeit etwas um und gibt dem vordersten Programm (oder Classic) ca 20 bis 30% mehr CPU Zeit.\
\
Man mu\'a7 aber sein Admin Passwort eingeben, denn dieses Programm kann die CPU Priorot\'8aten nicht \'8andern, wenn man nicht als Admin authorisiert ist.\
\
Dieses Programm ist in etwa Freeware. Jeder darf es f\'9fr seinen Hausgebrauch verbessern, aber vor jeder Ver\'9affentlichung mu\'a7 meine Erlaubnis daf\'9fr vorliegen und ich m\'9achte eine Kopie f\'9fr meine Webseite haben.\
\
\'a9 2001 by Christian Schmitz, mail@macsw.de\
\

\f0\b English:
\f1\b0 \
On my Mac I often run applications, which use many threads and have heavy CPU load. Other applications like Textedit don't get enough CPU time to handle my typing. And classis is often unuseable. (You can try it yourself using an RB app using 20 threads!)\
\
This application redistribute CPU time to give the frontmost application (or Classic Environment) ca. 20 to 30% more time than it get's normally.\
\
You need to enter your passwort into the application, because you'll need root rights for changing priorities.\
\
This application is a kind of freeware. Feel free to improve it for your own needs, but bevor you publish anything based on it, contact me for permission. I'd like to collect all new versions on my webpage as a download mirror.\
\
\'a9 2001 by Christian Schmitz, mail@macsw.de}