{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11360\viewh9980\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To get this sample running, please follow a few steps. First make sure you have some newer Xcode version installed, so you get codesign utility.\
\
You can read plugin documentation about our NSApplicationDelegateMBS class here: http://www.monkeybreadsoftware.net/class-nsapplicationdelegatembs.shtml\
You also find on Apple Website the documentation on their classes.\
\
Please login on Mac developer center (https://developer.apple.com/devcenter/mac/) and go to the Developer Certificate Utility.\
\
Please crate an app ID. We named it Test and used bundle ID "de.monkeybreadsoftware.testing", but you probably want to change that. You need to check the checkbox for "Enable for Push Notification".\
\
Please generate SSL certificate and download it. Add it to the keychain with double click from download folder. In Keychain Access application, select both private key and certificate. Export them to a .pem file. That's what we did to get this Certificate.pem file.\
\
Now create a provisioning profile for this application on your machine for development and download it. After downloading the profile, double click it so it gets installed. As far as I see, you also need to add the profiles in Xcode's organizer window to the library with provision profiles, because the codesign utility checks there for the profile.\
\
Please change the application identifier (bundle id) to yours. Next build the application. Launch Terminal and cd into the folder and call ./SignScript to sign it. Of course you need to modify this script to have your developer name. Also you may want to check our entitlements file and modify it with using different IDs.\
\
If you run the app now, it should show device token when successful registered. Please copy this token into test.php script, so you can send test notification.\
\
When it's working, you should have your app running and also run test.php script in terminal window to send notification. And your compiled Real Studio application should show the notification like this:\
\
Received Notification "Hallo Monkeybread Software!" and badge 1\
\
}