{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18680\viewh18160\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 About SQL Plugin\
\

\b0\fs24 The MBS REALbasic SQL Plugin implements a native interface for our database library. But we also provide a SQLDatabaseMBS class which is compatible to the existing database and recordset classes in REAL Studio. This enables you to use our plugin with the report engine. \
But as different database servers have different commands, we do not implement every feature. So if you need one of those unimplemented features, please email.\

\b\fs32 \
For the SQLDatabaseMBS class:
\b0\fs24 \
\

\b Properties:
\b0 \
\
DatabaseName: Works.\
ErrorMessage: Works.\
UserName: Works.\
Error	Host: Works.\
ErrorCode: Works.\
Password: Works.\
\

\b Methods:
\b0 \
\
Close: Works\
InsertRecord: Works\
Commit: Works, but has only effect if you have an open transaction.\
Rollback: Works, but has only effect if you have an open transaction.\
Connect: Works.\
SQLExecute: Works.\
FieldSchema: Not implemented.\
SQLSelect: Works.\
GetProperty: Same as Option function.\
TableSchema: Not implemented.\
IndexSchema: Not implemented.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2260\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 For the RecordSet class:
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Properties:
\b0 \
\
BOF: Not implemented.\
FieldCount: Works.\
EOF: Implemented. Set to true if MoveNext fails.\
RecordCount: Always -1 as we don't know the number of records.\
\

\b Methods:
\b0 \
\
Close: Works\
MoveFirst: Works for scrollable cursors.\
ColumnType: Works\
MoveLast: Works for scrollable cursors.\
DeleteRecord: Not implemented. Gives Error -1.\
MoveNext: Works\
Edit: Not implemented. Gives Error -1.\
MovePrevious: Works for scrollable cursors.\
Field: Works\
IdxField: Works\
Update: Not implemented. Gives Error -1.\
}